Unit
6, come in. What's your ETA?
Be there in five.
Crossing the bridge now.
When you arrive, drop the
team off and stand by for orders.
Roger that.
Why do you think
they made us gear up like this?
Whatever it is,
it's serious enough
to call us off-duty guys in.
Shit, Dylan, we could be
in San Fran right now,
eating crab and drinking beer.
Frisco isn't going anywhere
anytime soon, JJ.
Let's just get through this.
We're almost at
Raccoon City, so listen up.
The city's on lockdown.
Orders are to assist evacuation
of Umbrella Corp execs
and government officials only.
No civilians.
Repeat. No civilians.
What if they try to get past us?
You're cleared to shoot to kill.
Seriously?
I want a line
in front of the truck.
Double time.
Move. Move.
This is a warning to all civilians.
Return to your homes
and shelter there.
Repeat, return to your homes.
What the hell is going on?
That's what I wanna know.
Heads up.
An Umbrella exec
is coming through.
Close ranks and stay sharp.
They're rioting!
Safeties off. Fire on my orders.
Goddamn, this hurts!
They fucked chief up!
What's wrong with those people?
Tore his body wide open.
They got rabies or something.
They took his body and...
Motherfuckers!
I've stopped the bleeding.
Just hang tight, okay?
We're calling for evac.
Carl. Carl.
Carl?
Copy that.
We managed
to get our wounded to safety.
- We need evac or they're...
- They're infected.
Sorry, i-infected?
Affirmative. Quarantine
them and wait for orders.
Y-you want us to do what?
What are you doing?
You can't lock them in there.
We need to get them
to a hospital. Now.
HQ says we have to quarantine
them and stand by.
Quarantine?
Unit 6, come in.
Anyone in Raccoon City
who's infected
must be shot on sight.
No exceptions.
Not even our people.
You want us to kill our team?
Terminate
with extreme prejudice.
Then we'll send evac. Over.
No, man. No.
We gotta do this.
Are you fucking crazy?
That's our team.
You can't kill them.
If we don't, there's no evac.
This has to be a mistake.
They just need a doctor
or something!
They need help!
Don't do this!
You'll regret it!
I'll regret it more
if they get loose!
Stop it!
So, what's the deal
with this Dr. Antonio Taylor guy?
He's wanted
for espionage and aiding enemy states.
San Francisco PD sent SWAT
to his last location,
but they were attacked
by an unknown group
with a lot of firepower.
Whoever these people are,
they have Taylor now.
That can't be good.
That's an understatement.
He was involved in top-secret
research for our military.
And now foreign agents
are after him too.
We need him in custody ASAP.
Like, yesterday ASAP.
You love to rush me, don't you?
We know the route the van took.
If our calculations are correct,
it should pass you in a minute.
They're early.
Oh, shit.
I loved that bike.
Smells rancid.
Look at that!
Excuse me.
Hey there.
Are you from the city?
Yeah. Who are you?
Claire Redfield from TerraSave.
I'm William Gunnar.
Fish and Wildlife.
Thanks for coming down.
There was a TerraSave tracker
on this thing,
so we figured you had
an interest in it.
Uh...
Is your group, like,
an environmental protection
agency or something?
Actually, we're an NGO
supporting the victims
of bioterrorism.
Huh.
Weird.
Well, whatever.
At least someone's here
to help deal with this mess.
This bite is huge.
Was it a shark?
No. They don't mess with orcas.
Besides, the bite radius
is so big.
There's no shark alive
that could have done this.
Jill, come in.
Go for Jill.
Based on first reports,
this looks like
a bioweapon situation.
Cordon off the street
and wait for backup.
Too late. I'm inside.
Checking for survivors.
Don't go rushing in.
Wait for backup. That's an...
Clear!
Room clear. Restack!
Freeze!
Stand down.
She's with me.
Why'd you go in alone?
I'm not waiting for backup
when there's a chance
someone's in danger.
Right, but...
Hi, Rebecca.
Hey, Chris.
Where's Jill?
I'm having her write up
the report about last night.
Ah. I get it. Punishment.
Don't even go there.
Anyway, the city
now has 12 cases
like the one last night.
Did your tests turn anything up?
Well, they were all infected
with an improved version
of the T-Virus,
and they all have needle marks.
- No bites?
- Hm-mm.
None of them were bitten,
only their victims.
And their victims didn't turn.
They died from their wounds.
From what I can tell so far,
this virus isn't spread via
airborne particles or saliva.
It's something new, then.
We have to stop
whoever's behind this.
Fast.
Jill wasn't bitten, was she?
No.
Just being reckless, as usual.
Why are you so hung up on that?
You think you're the only one
allowed to risk your life
to save others?
What?
After all she's been through,
she's finally back in the field.
If she's being reckless,
like you say,
it's probably because
she's trying to make up
for what happened to her.
You mean,
how Wesker brainwashed her
and made her come after us?
No one's blaming Jill for that.
No one.
Except Jill.
What's up?
I want you off this case.
You need some time off.
You're joking.
It's good you're back.
I just don't want you
to push yourself too hard.
You've been through a lot.
When I was being
mind-controlled by Wesker,
all I wanted was to kill you.
All of you.
I was conscious,
but I couldn't stop myself.
It was like
living in a nightmare.
Sometimes...
the nightmare sticks with you.
And if you're not careful,
it'll swallow you up.
I'm fine now.
Don't worry about me.
There was this guy named Piers.
I wanted him
to take over after me.
I trusted him,
and he trusted me.
He fought alongside me, then...
he died to save me.
We have to be ready to die
in the line of duty.
It's part of the job.
But rushing in
like you did last night,
you're not just
risking your life.
Honestly,
I probably would've
done the same as you.
That's why our job is hard.
We have to consider
stuff like that. Always.
We've been in this fight for so
long, we're getting numb to it.
So we have to be
even more careful now.
Because if we're not,
that numbness...
will burn right down
to our souls.
Innocent people are being
poisoned and used as weapons.
Whoever's doing that
has no soul.
And if we wanna stop them,
we can't afford
to think about being numb,
or souls, or any of that shit.
At least I can't.
Hey.
Come on, Jill. Don't...
Well...
you've done it.
We have a prototype now.
We can move straight
to the mass-production phase.
Nice work...
...Dr. Taylor.
Hm.
Congratulations.
Fate has decided
you'll die some other way.
Hey, Jill. Chris.
Hi, Claire. Thanks.
What's shaking
at the B.S.A.A. these days?
Same old thing.
Bioterrorists sure are stubborn.
How are things at TerraSave?
Oh, you know.
Same.
I'm dealing with my own set
of stubborn bad guys.
Well, neither are as stubborn
as you two.
This area
around the Farallon Islands
is a giant national
marine sanctuary.
Some whales we were tracking
have been disappearing.
There, off Alcatraz.
Oh... Lost whales aren't really
the B.S.A.A.'s thing.
So why'd you call us?
I checked the DNA
we got from a bite wound
on an orca carcass
that washed up.
It had a strain
of T-Virus in it.
It's similar to the virus
we found in the infected
that have been turning up
in the city.
You're kidding.
And get this.
The police
couldn't find a connection
between the folks
that were infected.
But I dug a little deeper
and found they all had one thing
in common.
No way.
They all visited
Alcatraz recently.
...a
modern marvel of engineering.
If it's on your list
of things to see
while visiting San Francisco,
you can check it off right now.
And straight ahead, folks,
there it is, Alcatraz.
Rebecca, we're almost there.
Gotcha.
Hey, this virus is similar
to the other versions
we already have vaccines for.
Yeah, I think
I can slap together
a vax for this one too.
That's the best news
I've heard in a while.
Get to it.
I'll call you
if we find anything.
When the National
Park Service got involved,
they opened up the island,
so that the public could enjoy
not only its rich history...
That's where I come in.
...but also the bird,
marine and animal life
that has flourished here over
the years. Alcatraz has...
I guess he realized
his days were numbered.
Oh, well. He won't get far.
Perfect.
There is a torture device
called the bull of Phalaris.
It was a bull made of bronze.
You put a person inside,
light a fire under it,
then sit back
as the bull heats up
and slowly burns the person
inside alive.
So elegant.
You know, the man who made
the bull died in it.
That's some debut.
Now that our esteemed guests
have arrived...
it's time we debuted
our creation.
I gotta say, uh, this bed sucks!
Hey, it's your boy Zach here.
And today,
I'm checking out Alcatraz!
Help me!
First things first,
hit that subscribe button...
We won't find anything if we
stick with these tourists.
Hm.
I'll go and check the shoreline.
You and Chris
can scope out the places
they don't take the tourists.
Everyone keep your comms open.
But if the shit hits the fan,
call Rebecca.
She'll send backup.
What is that?
Oh, my God.
Get back!
Stay away from it!
He just shot him!
We gotta go. Let's go.
Hey, let's go. Come on.
Come on. Everybody, let's go.
- The hell was that?
- Are they dead?
Holy shit!
Yo, yo, yo. Pan over there.
Some dude shot some other dude.
You see that?
What the...?
Oh, shit.
No, no, no. No! No!
Are you okay?
Did it bite you?
No. I'm okay.
Get inside!
Drag that desk over here!
We need to make a barricade!
Got it!
Okay.
Keep it against the door!
Watch out! Up there!
Oh, shit!
How the hell...?
No, they're coming in!
Goddamn it!
Get back!
What the
fuck is wrong with them?
Are you okay?
Are you hurt?
No, no, no.
Did good and evil exist...
when dinosaurs
were killing each other?
Is there even
such a thing as evil...
in a food chain?
Of course not.
Such concepts
were unnecessary back then.
Isn't that right...
JJ?
Stop it!
Shit!
Come in, HQ.
Two survivors.
One's bit and he's bleeding bad.
We need evac.
Negative.
Orders are to terminate
anyone bitten.
No exceptions.
Help me. Please.
Jill, come in.
I can't get through.
Shit.
Comms are down too.
They're jamming us.
We have to find Jill.
Hold on. There could be
more of these in here.
Tons more.
She's alone.
I can't leave her behind.
Wait. Don't shoot.
Leon?
Well, what do you know?
Jill Valentine.
How's it going?
So, uh, Jill, what are
those things doing here?
They were tourists.
That's one fucked-up tour.
You got a gun?
Nope. Lost it.
Here.
Thanks.
Uh-oh.
Duck!
Let's go.
How many of these are there?
I ain't stopping to count.
Move!
Zero.
What?
You wanted to know
how many there were.
Oh.
Anybody here?
What's going
on? Are you guys security?
Police?
I'm with the B.S.A.A.
My name's Chris Redfield.
Who are you?
Well, I'm Tony. Tony Davis.
I'm Claire with TerraSave.
TerraSave? Oh, great.
Is there a problem?
Not unless you're recruiting
for your cult.
I heard what happened
in Harvardville.
You're a bunch of terrorists.
Yeah? And if
you watched real news,
you'd know that we got framed
over some bioweapon bullshit.
That's enough. Both of you.
We've got bigger things
to worry about.
We don't know what's down here,
so keep an eye out.
These are definitely not
the usual infected.
Yeah.
They turn fast.
And without being bitten.
Wait. Where'd the asshole go?
Get away!
Shit.
Fuck!
Let me see.
I wasn't bitten!
Shut up and let me see.
Just a scrape. You're fine.
I... I called you
a terrorist before.
You honestly think I wouldn't
help you because of that?
We'd treat your wounds
even if you were
one of the bad guys.
Hm.
What's up with this tunnel?
It's to move munitions,
back when Alcatraz
was a military fortress.
Thanks for the history lesson.
After this, I'm putting
tour guide on my résumé.
Why are you here?
Dr. Antonio Taylor.
He's a specialist
in robotics engineering.
He tried to sell his research
to another country,
but got kidnapped
by a bunch of terrorists.
Intel said they brought him
to Alcatraz.
What are you doing here?
A new virus is on the loose.
Clues pointed here,
so me, Chris and Claire
came to have a look around.
Our cases seem to be connected.
What's wrong?
You feel that?
What?
There's a draft.
It's coming from here.
We don't know where it goes.
Maybe outside
or farther into this maze.
Either way,
it's better than here.
Come on. It'll be like
we're breaking out of prison.
It'll be fun.
This is not good.
At least we know
we're on the right track.
No. You think?
Yup. Come on.
Comms are down and ammo's low.
I wonder how Jill's doing.
You should take Davis
and get back to the city.
What about you?
I'll find Jill.
We're in way over
our heads here.
Claire?
Claire? What's wrong?
Claire!
Aw, shit!
No. Hey. Can you move?
Oh, my God.
What's a submarine dock
doing here?
Probably another holdover
from when this was a fortress.
They're using
it for an armory now.
Let's check it out.
F.O.S., this is Hunnigan.
Hey, I'm Rebecca.
So Leon's working
with you on this?
Yes, but I still
can't reach him,
so let's save the chitchat.
Did you look
at the info I sent you?
Yeah, I checked it out.
But I'm having no luck
getting through
to Chris and the others either.
I've been trying
for two hours now.
What do you want me
to tell them?
Someone accessed
the DoD's server.
They were looking
for top-secret files
on previous bioterrorism cases,
going back to Raccoon City.
You think this might have
something to do
with the op we're on?
Most likely.
They managed to steal data on
key personnel on those cases:
Leon, Chris, Jill, and Claire.
What are they?
Bio-drones.
That room
we passed through before
is the incubation tank.
The guy I'm here for,
Antonio Taylor,
this is his area of expertise.
And these drones
look ready to go.
So he's gotta be around here
somewhere.
He can wait.
Let's burn it all.
Yeah. We'll start
with the incubation tank.
Well, if it isn't Jill Valentine
and Leon S. Kennedy.
Well, if it isn't...
whoever you are.
Why don't you come out and talk?
How about you come to me?
I'm in the main prison block.
Ground floor.
Chris and Claire
are waiting for you.
- Ready, Miss Chambers?
- Good to go.
What's that?
Vaccine.
I just hope I made enough.
Let's get moving, then.
Chris? Claire!
Leon?
What are you doing here?
Hey, Jill. You're okay.
Oh, my God.
You're so pale.
Claire? Hang in there.
Hurry! Get us out of here!
Son of a bitch.
Antonio Taylor.
What?
His name's Davis.
No. That's a fake name.
He's Taylor, all right.
How did you...?
This scumbag's wanted
for leaking national secrets
to the enemies
of the U.S. of A.
Welcome to Alcatraz.
I'm Dylan Blake.
It's an honor
to have you all here.
Together.
I bet you're wondering
how people are being infected
without being bitten.
That was one of
my prototype bio-drones.
I tell it who to infect,
and it always finds its target.
Leon?
The mass-production versions
are what you saw
in the other chamber,
and they're ready to go.
By tomorrow morning,
my virus will be
all over the world.
I get it now.
The tech...
the virus...
you got them from Arias.
That's why she's here.
Arias and I did
a lot of business together.
So you could say
we were sort of close.
And since you murdered
poor Maria's father,
I thought this was a good
opportunity to settle the score.
For both of us.
Right now, they're probably
cheering us on
from the afterlife.
Picking up...
where Arias left off.
Oh, no.
This is way different
from what he wanted to do.
Well, it's over now.
Get your hands up.
B.S.A.A., D.S.O., TerraSave.
You still think you're fighting
evil syndicates like Umbrella,
saving the world,
et cetera, et cetera.
We...
We protect...
the innocent.
Hardly.
The huge corporations and the
corrupt execs that run them,
the ones
getting big, fat bonuses
for maintaining the status quo,
that's who you work for,
who you really protect.
And the innocent
will continue to suffer
as long as you do.
You're nothing more than pawns,
suckers.
What do you know?
What do I know?
Confusion.
Betrayal.
Guilt.
Repeat, terminate anyone bitten.
No exceptions.
Help me.
Please.
I know I'm sick of this world
and how the ones
with all the money and power
get to decide
what's right and wrong,
good and evil.
There's no such thing as justice
in a world like that.
So I'm going to use my virus
to clean the slate.
Sure. Kill everything.
Like a terrorist.
Not everything.
With these bio-drones,
I decide who gets infected
and who doesn't.
Example, Ms. Valentine.
I left her alone
so she could experience
what I went through
so many years ago,
when I thought
I was on the side of justice.
You're insane.
Instead of pointing
your gun at me,
you should be worried about him,
trapped in that cell
with Claire.
She's not looking too good.
It won't be long
before Claire turns.
And when she does,
she'll rip the not-so-good
Dr. Taylor's guts out.
And another innocent life
will be lost.
You heard him.
Shoot her before she kills me!
Claire!
Goddamn you!
Cut the engine. Goggles on.
Here we have Leon S. Kennedy,
working hard for people who lie
and cover up the truth,
who propagate the endless cycle
of battles he keeps fighting.
And you're
all burnt out from it.
Yeah, well, it's a living.
And Claire Redfield.
You think your group
helps people.
But they don't do anything
to stop the actual cause
of all the suffering.
They offer bandages
instead of real solutions.
I bet you keep doing it
out of pride.
Because it makes you feel
like you're doing good.
Nothing wrong...
...with helping people.
Sure.
Keep telling yourself that.
We both know you prefer
sitting back
and letting others
do the dirty work.
And Chris Redfield.
Despite the fact
you lose team members
on every single mission,
you keep coming back with more.
How many lives
have you sacrificed
in the name of justice,
I wonder.
And finally...
we come to Jill Valentine.
You could shoot Claire
right now and save a life,
but you hesitate.
I get she's a friend and all,
but still,
I thought you want
to protect the innocent.
That's hard to do when you let
your emotions get in the way,
isn't it?
Go fuck yourself.
Like all of you, I did my duty,
protecting the sons of bitches
in power.
The ones who forced me to watch
my best friend beg for his life.
And then ordered me
to kill him anyway.
None of you know what it's like
to live with that
hanging over your head.
Do you?
But soon...
you will know
that kind of suffering.
My bio-drones
will deliver it to the world.
And when people start killing
their friends and family,
there won't be
any more cover-ups.
And there won't be
any more use...
for you.
Move out.
I got movement, 7 o'clock.
Prepare to engage.
Four hundred yards and closing.
Keep it tight.
Three hundred.
Two hundred.
It's coming in fast!
Shit, fire! Fire!
Flip and fire! Fire!
Reload! Stay alert!
It's coming back!
Twelve o'clock!
You waited too long, Jill.
I'm disappointed.
You bastard!
Jill!
Don't worry about them.
They'll suffer for a while,
then turn soon enough.
As for Jill...
she can do whatever she wants.
We're at the final stage now.
Once the bio-drones hatch
from their Licker hosts,
we'll have millions.
They'll leave the island
and then
there's no stopping them.
You're bleeding bad.
I have to stop it.
Don't bother.
Worry about yourself.
Can't do anything about me.
But I can stop your bleeding.
What's the point?
After what he said,
don't you feel like giving up?
He made his choice.
We made ours.
That's all.
The world's fucked up.
No denying it.
Destroying it is easy.
The hard part's
doing the right thing...
regardless.
Can't save the world...
by killing it.
We're all dying.
How can you be so calm?
We got Jill.
If she's still out there...
there's hope.
Stop, stop.
Thank you. It's okay.
My life was all about me.
I didn't care
about anything else.
If I'd met you all sooner...
maybe I could've
turned it around.
Just let me help you.
I made a back door
to the network.
For insurance.
In case they screwed me over,
which they did.
He probably changed all codes
after I escaped.
But if you enter the password...
you'll get in.
Good... luck.
Rebecca!
Jill?
Thank God you're okay.
I hope you brought some backup.
They're dead.
I have the vaccine though.
As long as the infection
hasn't killed anyone,
it can bring them back.
Awesome.
Okay, follow this waterway.
It'll take you to the prison.
You'll find Leon and the others.
They're infected.
What?
I have to destroy
the incubation tank.
Tell them I'm headed
to the armory.
Open the floodgates, Maria.
Claire!
Shit.
Rebecca.
Leon!
I have the vaccine.
I saw Jill out there too.
Jill?
She's headed for the armory.
This will sting a bit.
What's he up to?
How are you doing?
This stuff works fast.
I feel better already.
Thanks, Rebecca.
Is Leon out there on his own?
Yeah. I doubt
he's 100% yet.
No time to rest, then.
Let's go help him.
Why's he letting
all the water in?
Huh?
I am glad the virus
didn't kill you.
I wanted to be the one to do it.
You don't always get
what you want.
This is for my father!
He was Arias's guard dog.
You were his bitch.
Dylan!
I was wondering
where you scuttled off to.
Give up.
Rebecca's cured
the others by now.
So what?
I expected she would.
It doesn't matter now anyway.
Soon...
everyone will see things
as I do.
That there is no justice.
That good and evil mean nothing.
And I'll finally atone
for murdering my friend...
so that I could survive.
What the hell?
I will make you pay
for killing my father.
Yeah, well,
your dad was kind of a dick.
Now you can
be with your dad again.
Jill!
You're all okay.
Guys. They
released the bio-drones.
We have to stop them.
What the hell is that?
Dylan used the virus
to fuse with a bioweapon.
Looks like we're dealing
with this first.
Let's do it.
Yeah.
Excuse me.
He's all yours.
That thing doesn't wanna die.
He's a tough cookie, all right.
- Claire!
- What?
You got that password
Taylor gave you?
Yeah, right here.
Fantastic.
Take Rebecca
and stop those drones!
We'll keep this guy busy.
On it!
Don't die!
Jill!
All right.
Okay, I got this.
Okay.
And...
we're in.
Great.
Let's stop those bio-drones.
Chris! Leon!
What's that?
A plasma rifle.
It heats up to 20,000 degrees,
but it's short range.
Can you get that thing
any closer?
"Can we get it closer?"
she says.
Hang on!
Okay, link it.
Done.
There's three parameters
on the control code.
Overwrite those.
Got it.
It's in manual mode.
Now we can stop them.
Hold on a sec!
Why?
We control the drones now,
so why don't we use them?
Mm...
Hm?
I hope this works.
Definitely going on vacation
after this.
Time to light you up.
Is that it? Did we kill it?
One more to finish you!
Goddamn it.
Come on.
Come on!
Fuck!
Go get him!
What's happening?
The drones are pumping
their virus in,
overloading it.
It's messing
with the creature's chemistry.
See?
Oh, nice.
It's heading for open water.
Like hell it is.
This controls the gate.
Hurry!
Yeah. Going down.
Hey!
Ugly!
That's it. Come get me.
Come on.
Come get me!
Come on!
You know how to use this?
It's got a trigger, doesn't it?
That goes in here.
You'd kill everyone
because you feel guilty
for killing your friend?
Deal with it yourself, asshole.
Down.
A little higher.
Yeah.
Fire!
And that's that.
Ha. We did it.
Is it dead?
Super dead.
Looks like us suckers win.
Again.
Yeah.
And we'll keep
coming back for more.
Like always.
Well, I know what I'm gonna
take away from this experience.
What's that?
Prison tours suck.
So do giant shark monsters.
So did this op.
Yeah. But we sure did
kick some ass, didn't we?
We sure did.
All of us.
Glad you're back.
So am I.